Now that's with the adding and the initialising here of course I can also delete a value so I can delete
one for example.
And now if everyone unsurprisingly I get to or maybe this is a bit surprisingly because you could think
that it stores the whole excess ones which were in kind of attitude a set that it could store down in
the background kind of a back up in case you delete the item which was added but that's not the case
.
If you pass value which is already Indosat multiple times it's not stored as a back up it's just omitted
and you're done.
And if you delete the one value which was in the set then it's completely deleted and not did you ever
back up.
Values are used instead or something like that so each was only there once.
If you delete that it's gone you have to re-add  it like with the map you also got the clear method
to get rid of all values in the set.
So if I had run now we don't see anything because there's nothing to loop through because I cleared
all the items in the set all the values.
Now how do you get a value both think about this function get one.
Does this make any sense.
You get the value one from a list which only has values that doesn't really make sense right.
So therefore this method doesn't exist.
You don't have a get method.
But what we do want to have though is the pass method.
So I can check if this sets has a 1.
So now I see true because of course we do have a one inside the set and this makes much more sense because
you could check and save condition.
If your set contains a certain value.
And if your code execution depends on that because your asset might have been like used Reddy's who
should enter should be able to enter this page and then you just check.
Is this user ID which tries to enter the page.
In my set of all out user IDs you check them and that has my third.
And if this is the case there is no need to retrieve the value because you already had that anyways
right.
Going you store values in the set in order to go.
So you have this have a method to check if a set contains a certain value